Updates for Change Log and deprecated config reference items (#454)
magento/merchdocs: src/configuration/sales/authorize-net-direct-post.md

---
title: Authorize.Net Direct Post - Deprecated
---

Stores > Settings > [Configuration]({% link stores/configuration.md %}) > [Sales]({% link configuration/sales.md %}) > [Payment Methods]({% link configuration/sales/payment-methods.md %}) > Authorize.Net Direct Post (Deprecated)

{:.bs-callout-warning}
**Deprecation Notice** <br/>

> Due to the Payment Service Directive [PSD2]({% link stores/compliance-payment-services-directive.md %}) and the continued evolution of many APIs, this payment integration is at risk of becoming outdated and no longer security compliant in the future. Additionally, Authorize.Net has deprecated the Authorize.Net Direct Post payment method. We are recommending that you disable it in your Magento configuration and transition to the Authorize.Net [Magento Marketplace extension](https://marketplace.magento.com/catalogsearch/result/?q=authorize.net){:target="_blank"}.<br/><br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the Payment Service Directive [PSD2]({% link stores/compliance-payment-services-directive.md %}) and the continued evolution of many APIs, this payment integration is at risk of becoming outdated and no longer security compliant in the future. Additionally, Authorize.Net has deprecated the Authorize.Net Direct Post payment method. We recommend that you disable it in your Magento configuration and transition to the Authorize.Net [Magento Marketplace extension](https://marketplace.magento.com/catalogsearch/result/?q=authorize.net){:target="_blank"}.<br/><br/>
```

> **This integration will be removed from the Magento 2.4.0 release and has been deprecated from current versions of 2.3.**<br/><br/>

Author: After discussion with Misha, "current" is the best. We have the link to the DevBlog if they need the specific version information.

For details about making a secure transition from deprecated payment integrations, see our [DevBlog](https://community.magento.com/t5/Magento-DevBlog/Deprecation-of-Magento-core-payment-integrations/ba-p/426445){:target="_blank"}.

![]({% link images/images/config-sales-payment-methods-authorize-net-direct-post.png %}){: .zoom}

> _Authorize.Net Direct Post (Deprecated)_

Author: I think in the caption it is fine
